---
title: February 22nd, 2026
date: 2026-2-22
---

It has been 7 weeks back at school now. Though I've been disengaging from school further, the way assignments are shifting to be more test-based and in class means my grades are going up and up. I'm really struggling regulating my mood, I keep going back and forth between having a bunch of energy and being extremely depressed feeling, I hope I can fix whatever this is soon. I did get accomodations at school, and although I try not to use any of them, having breaks available is so amazing. It used to be I would be tired in first period, energetic in the second, awful in third, energetic in fourth, asleep in fifth, and incredibly, incredibly energetic in 6th, but now I've shifted a bit, and now I'm tired and not really doing much in 2nd, pretty energetic in third, meh in 4th, meh in 5th, and just tired and lazy in 6th now. I don't know what changed, but feeling bad in a class with the shittiest teacher at the school is so much worse. This lady is genuinely awful, and I don't see how she can teach a computer science course, she knows absolutely nothing. I've been slacking on homework, I don't even know if I've done any so far, and my room is a mess, and I've been lacking any motivation to code, but my relationship with my girlfriend is good, and that really means the world to me, she is so amazing and I feel like she really gets me. I've been a pretty bad friend as of late, I've been more reclusive and not really making much efforts, I'm not sure why. I want to make a website version of my college spreadsheet, and incorporate some ai parsed student reviews from reddit or something.
