---
title: January 7th, 2026
date: 2026-1-7
---

I'm back at school now :(. So far, we haven't really done much, but I've just been wanting to crawl out of my skin. I was thinking the psych and therapist saying I had adhd was a mistake over the break - even though I had times of absentmindedness and trouble focusing, it really wasn't as bad, but something about school really brings these traits out in me. I still think it is possible they could be wrong, but god damn am I having trouble focusing, and all I wanted to do today was to run outside, and later lift. Actually, the whole of today I spent basically salivating at the squat workout I was gonna do in baseball class (my good friend piper was back in the class from swimming), but the coach decided that I had to go to the bullpen today. My arm is hanging on by a thread, but I didn't do as bad as I was expecting, and on a pretty light bullpen I still snagged a 70% effort 82 at the end of the bullpen. I'm not 100% sure how I feel about my mechanics right now, but I also need to just drill mechanics a lot off of the mound and do some arm care. Tomorrow I have my first minor grade of the year, and I think almost everyone is just going to cheat and look up how they can organise the ideas for the packet. Slight tangent warning: Certain words look a lot better with a non-american spelling. Organise is one of them, I find Zs really jarring, and don't really like using it for non-nouns (pizza is fine of course, organizing is not). I don't do this for everything though, aeroplane is funny to write, but I don't think I can get away with it at school or on any professional correspondences. (No way that's a word lol)
