---
title: Tech Feudalism
date: 2025-12-17
---

It is no secret I hate big tech companies. Nothing is more sickening than the greed of the rich costing everyone, and all they do is hunger for more and more. The model of these publically traded, capitalist companies is nothing more than cancerous, and a recent development has heightened my awareness to a new encroachment on the happiness of the masses. Nvidia has decreased their consumer gpu production for 2026. This change - while seemingly innocous, after all they need to focus on producing gpus for ai slop companies to contribute nothing to the world with - has lead to me realising "big tech's plot". A lot of semi-recent developments (cloud computing, cloud gaming, ai) all have focused on computing being done off our computers. By forcing the consumer to rely on the computing of the large companies and servers, the big tech companies adopt a mad-max-esque place, controlling all of the water, and forcing the consumer to come to them. A consumer can buy a gpu once, and be able to do their computing as long as it lasts, but if a consumer has a little chromebook, a mere terminal to the web, then they have to continously pay for cloud computing, allowing the companies to continue making money off of consumers. (Side note the use of google and chromebooks in schools is an intentional plot by google to make millions of adults that know nothing else, and rely solely on google and their cloud products) I fucking hate this. Why is the world turning this way? What has improved in the past few years?
